README.md, before:

# Luca Mannella, Ph.D.

<!-- ![ReadMe Last Update Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/updated/LucaMannella/LucaMannella) -->
<!-- ![Visits Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/visits/LucaMannella/LucaMannella/?color=white) -->
![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=LucaMannella&style=flat)

## 👋 Welcome to my GitHub profile!

- 🔭 I’m a Post Doc Researcher member of the [Department of Control and Computer Engineering](https://www.dauin.polito.it/) at [Politecnico di Torino](https://www.polito.it/index.php?lang=en). In particular, I am working with the [e-Lite research group](https://elite.polito.it/) and the [SMILIES research group](https://www.smilies.polito.it/).
- 🔍 You can find my publications on [Research Gate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Luca-Mannella) or [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ecwAbEYAAAAJ).

## 🔍 Research Activities

- 🎓 The main theme of my Ph.D., obtained in October 2024, was "Supporting developers in the Cybersecurity of IoT Systems". Hence, my work is mainly related to IoT security. Specifically, I mainly worked on smart home security and smart home gateways.
  - Recently, I proposed a [threat model for extensible smart home gateways](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9854235). I am continuing to study which kinds of issues could be faced by plug-in developers on different smart home platforms. 
  - Moreover, I am investigating the Manufacturer Usage Description (MUD) standard and how it could be used to improve the security of smart homes. One of my recent works is based on [using it on smart home gateways](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10193747).
- 🏎️ As a research assistant, I am working mainly on automotive security.
  - I am involved in the [COLTRANE-V research project](https://www.polito.it/en/research/scenario/research-database?progetto=1308/2023).
  - I am working on the creation of a framework for Social Media Intelligence (SOCMINT) in automotive security, also called [SOCMATI: Social Media Automotive Threat Intelligence](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10616053).

## 👨‍🎓 Teaching Activities

Since 2021, I have taught at Politecnico di Torino.
-  From March 2021 to September 2024, I was one of the teaching assistants of Web Application I (M.Sc. course for Computer Engineers), a course focused on the front end of web applications (using the React framework). All the material related to the course is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/polito-webapp1).
-  From September 2024, I was one of the teachers of [Algorithms and Programming](https://didattica.polito.it/pls/portal30/gap.pkg_guide.viewGap?p_cod_ins=05OGDLP&p_a_acc=2025) (B.Sc. course for Electronic And Communications Engineers), a course designed to deepens the students' knowledge in advanced programming guiding them to more design-oriented skills.

### 📫 How to reach me

If you are interested in my activities and want to collaborate with me or provide feedback, feel free to contact me!

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucamannella/)
- [Research Gate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Luca-Mannella)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/LukeMannella)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/LucaMannella/)
- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJrEDWYtfkKe4GSQDbIIlUg)
  
### 📊 GitHub Statistics

<!-- ![Gists Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/gists/LucaMannella/?color=white) -->
<!-- ![Repos Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/repos/LucaMannella/?color=white) -->
<!-- ![Commits Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/commits/yearly/LucaMannella/?color=white) -->

<img width="60%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LucaMannella&count_private=true&show_icons=truehow_icons=true&hide_border=true" />
<img width="60%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=LucaMannella&hide_border=true&dates=478AF0&ring=478AF0&fire=DD2727&currStreakLabel=DD2727"/>

Commit message:

Adding reference to Ph.D. thesis

README.md, after:

# Luca Mannella, Ph.D.

<!-- ![ReadMe Last Update Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/updated/LucaMannella/LucaMannella) -->
<!-- ![Visits Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/visits/LucaMannella/LucaMannella/?color=white) -->
![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=LucaMannella&style=flat)

## 👋 Welcome to my GitHub profile!

- 🔭 I’m a Post Doc Researcher member of the [Department of Control and Computer Engineering](https://www.dauin.polito.it/) at [Politecnico di Torino](https://www.polito.it/index.php?lang=en). In particular, I am working with the [e-Lite research group](https://elite.polito.it/) and the [SMILIES research group](https://www.smilies.polito.it/).
- 🔍 You can find my publications on [Research Gate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Luca-Mannella) or [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ecwAbEYAAAAJ).

## 🔍 Research Activities

- 🎓 The main theme of my Ph.D., obtained in October 2024, was "Supporting developers in the Cybersecurity of IoT Systems". Hence, my work is mainly related to IoT security. Specifically, I mainly worked on smart home security and smart home gateways. Those activities were summarized in my Ph.D. thesis titled: "[Securing IoT Gateways in Smart Home Environments](https://iris.polito.it/handle/11583/2993903)".
  - Recently, I proposed a [threat model for extensible smart home gateways](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9854235). I am continuing to study which kinds of issues could be faced by plug-in developers on different smart home platforms. 
  - Moreover, I am investigating the Manufacturer Usage Description (MUD) standard and how it could be used to improve the security of smart homes. One of my recent works is based on [using it on smart home gateways](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10193747).
- 🏎️ As a research assistant, I am working mainly on automotive security.
  - I am involved in the [COLTRANE-V research project](https://www.polito.it/en/research/scenario/research-database?progetto=1308/2023).
  - I am working on the creation of a framework for Social Media Intelligence (SOCMINT) in automotive security, also called [SOCMATI: Social Media Automotive Threat Intelligence](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10616053).

## 👨‍🎓 Teaching Activities

Since 2021, I have taught at Politecnico di Torino.
-  From March 2021 to September 2024, I was one of the teaching assistants of Web Application I (M.Sc. course for Computer Engineers), a course focused on the front end of web applications (using the React framework). All the material related to the course is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/polito-webapp1).
-  From September 2024, I was one of the teachers of [Algorithms and Programming](https://didattica.polito.it/pls/portal30/gap.pkg_guide.viewGap?p_cod_ins=05OGDLP&p_a_acc=2025) (B.Sc. course for Electronic And Communications Engineers), a course designed to deepens the students' knowledge in advanced programming guiding them to more design-oriented skills.

### 📫 How to reach me

If you are interested in my activities and want to collaborate with me or provide feedback, feel free to contact me!

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucamannella/)
- [Research Gate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Luca-Mannella)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/LukeMannella)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/LucaMannella/)
- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJrEDWYtfkKe4GSQDbIIlUg)
  
### 📊 GitHub Statistics

<!-- ![Gists Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/gists/LucaMannella/?color=white) -->
<!-- ![Repos Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/repos/LucaMannella/?color=white) -->
<!-- ![Commits Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/commits/yearly/LucaMannella/?color=white) -->

<img width="60%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LucaMannella&count_private=true&show_icons=truehow_icons=true&hide_border=true" />
<img width="60%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=LucaMannella&hide_border=true&dates=478AF0&ring=478AF0&fire=DD2727&currStreakLabel=DD2727"/>
